Modify the sample of pipeline step and add  description for "restApiKeyId" (#48)
jenkinsci/mabl-integration-plugin: README.md

-   continueOnPlanFailure: Continue if your plan/tests fail
-   environmentId: Selects the environment to run deployments against
    (one of environmentId or applicationId is required)

> -   restApiKeyId: The id of the API key secret of the desired deployment workspace -

Reviewer: ID is the term that Jenkins is using in the user interface.
I would phrase this differently:
restApiKeyId: The id of the API key secret of the desired deployment workspace. The id is the value that is assigned in the Jenkins configuration to the corresponding secret. It is not the secret itself.

> -   restApiKeyId: The id of the API key secret of the desired deployment workspace. "restApiKeyId" is not real key -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   restApiKeyId: The id of the API key secret of the desired deployment workspace. The id is the value that is assigned in the Jenkins configuration to the corresponding secret. It is not the secret itself.
```

``` syntaxhighlighter-pre
node {

>   stage('mabl') {

Reviewer 2: Are we sure this is the correct format? Looking at the [Jenkins Pipeline docs](https://www.jenkins.io/doc/book/pipeline/), all the examples I see have `stage > stages > steps > step`. Are we sure it is OK to remove the `steps` block?

```
stages {
        stage('Build') { 
            steps { 
                sh 'make' 
            }
        }
    }
```

From the Jenkins [docs](https://www.jenkins.io/doc/book/pipeline/syntax/#stage)
> The stage directive goes in the stages section and should contain a steps section

Author: @twistedpair Thank you for your comment. My customer and I tried to use your sample but we faced "java.lang.NoSuchMethodError: No such DSL method 'steps' found among steps". So DSL issue or the example is wrong.

Please check this link: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/42113655/no-such-dsl-method-stages

This example does not use "steps" for scripted pipeline too.

Author: One more information.

You can see this page for scripted pipeline(old format): https://www.jenkins.io/doc/book/pipeline/syntax/#scripted-steps

We can see this part.

>As discussed at the start of this chapter, the most fundamental part of a Pipeline is the "step". Fundamentally, steps tell Jenkins what to do and serve as the basic building block for both Declarative and Scripted Pipeline syntax.
>Scripted Pipeline does not introduce any steps which are specific to its syntax; Pipeline Steps reference contains a comprehensive list of steps provided by Pipeline and plugins.
